docs: add a note about --dev mode config equivalent (#1940)
apollographql/router: docs/source/quickstart.mdx

Visit `http://127.0.0.1:4000` to open Apollo Sandbox, inspect your entire supergraph, and run your first queries!

> **Do not use development mode in production!**
> 
> Add the `--dev` flag is the equivalent runnning `./router --hot-reload` with this configuration:
> 
> ```yaml
> sandbox:
>   enabled: true
> supergraph:
>   introspection: true
> include_subgraph_errors:
>   all: true
> plugins:
>   experimental.expose_query_plan: true
> ```
> 
> If you need some of these features enabled in production, specify them directly in your configuration instead of using `--dev`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
<blockquote>

**⚠️ Do not use the `--dev` flag in production!** If you want to replicate any development mode functionality in production, modify your YAML configuration file instead.

Using `--dev` is equivalent to running `./router --hot-reload` with the following configuration:

```yaml
sandbox:
  enabled: true
supergraph:
  introspection: true
include_subgraph_errors:
  all: true
plugins:
  experimental.expose_query_plan: true
```

</blockquote>
````

Reviewer: (The extra spaces after the `blockquote` I believe are necessary because MDX is unhappy if markdown formatting appears too close to a block-level HTML element)
